Lucent Web Creative, LLC,

ATTN: IP Agent,

50 N. Linden Rd. #563,

Hershey, PA 17033

 

Re: DMCA notice - Unauthorized Use of Warner Bros. Property on gamejolt.com - The Flintstones

 

Dear Copyright Agent:

 

            I, the undersigned, CERTIFY UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that I am the owner or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owners of certain intellectual property rights, said owners being named Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. and its affiliates and licensors (hereinafter, collectively, “Warner Bros.”), and that the information in this notification is accurate.

            

Warner Bros. is the exclusive owner of trademark, copyright and other intellectual property rights in and to numerous motions pictures, cartoons, comic books and video games, including, but not limited to THE FLINTSTONES television series, and all names, characters, costumes, logos and related indicia (collectively, the “Warner Properties”).   Because of these rights, no one is authorized to perform, exhibit, reproduce, transmit, advertise, offer for sale, sell, or otherwise distribute the Warner Properties, or to create derivative works of those properties, without the express written permission of Warner Bros.

 

It has come to our attention that user(s) on your site, at the link(s) below, are using the Warner Properties without our permission.  I have a good faith belief that the content on this site is not authorized by Warner Bros., its agent, or the law and therefore infringe Warner Bros.’ rights.  Therefore, please act expeditiously to remove or disable access to the URLs listed below.

 

Please confirm that you have taken the appropriate action at your earliest convenience.  Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter and please advise should you have any questions or require additional information.

 

            This letter is not a complete statement of Warner Bros.’ rights in connection with this matter, and nothing contained herein constitutes an express or implied waiver of any rights, remedies, or defenses of Warner Bros. in connection with this matter, all of which are expressly reserved.

 

Sincerely,               
 
[private]
Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc.
4000 Warner Boulevard
Bridge Building 156 South, #5168

Burbank, CA 91522
[private]

 

WHAT WAS LOCATED AS INFRINGING CONTENT:

https://gamejolt.com/games/grand_dad_mania/272301 
